Scotland has a lot of great libraries.
You can also create empty collections.
Right.
This is really, really important.
So for instance, if I want to create an empty collection, I could save.
I'll call empty.
And I can say in this case, empty array list, map sequence and so many other collections, some of
them we haven't talked about.
So in this case, I want an empty list.
If I want to create an empty list, I can do like this list.
And whenever you want to create an empty collection of any sort, we need to pass the types on this
case against a empty list of strings.
There is an amber list and I can do the same for a set to file empty set so empty set such a into,
for instance, and then file empty, empty map.
This is going to be Boolean if I need to differentiate things like that.
OK, now for an empty map is different because I can't just say, for instance, string just only string,
right?
Because we need to specify as well the value.
If you have always going to say two types are the ones expected for function K.V. on empty map.
So for the key, I'm going to have string.
And for the value, we can have anything we want to say into, for instance.
And there you have it.
So the moral of the story here.
It's very intuitive the way the libraries in collection especially work, right?
So always think in terms of, OK, if something that I want to create is a list of if I see a list of
as we see first here, this is going to be immutable.
We can't mutate.
Mutable list of then can be mutated, right?
Same thing goes with set as well with maps as we saw earlier, and also to initialize immutable lists.
You submit a list of and you must pass the type.
I just use a string because as a simple type, but it could be Boolean could be anything that is the
thought process.
You always have to keep in mind whenever you feel lost.
OK, just think in terms of, OK, is it mutable?
This is a set of lists or a collection that I wanted to add to it later, or it's just a set one, meaning
it doesn't change.
OK, if the values that you are creating and putting in that collection will never change, you need
to add them.
We're going to do anything.
It's a set amount of values, set elements.
Then of course, you always use an immutable collection, otherwise use mutable collection.
So I hope that what I have shown you here will give you the motivation to go out and start learning
more about collections in cut lines really fine.
And as you do that, I will encourage you to actually go.
And so learning how to implement this thing is by building very small programs that do something useful.
Now, you know how to do control flow for loops if statements and wins and so forth.
So you are ready to start getting a little bit dangerous.
So go ahead and explore more by doing small exercises here and there, creating small programs that
do something fun.